Mentor: Avishek De

Meeting time: Lab07

Type of Meeting: Daily Scrum

Team: Everyone Present

Scribed Discussion

Dylan has fixed a small bug for no events on calendar and the start of admin. He will work on expanding admin features. No blockers.

Wesley looked into how to get the invites working, will continue working on the invites, and has no blockers

Tianyu worked on adding features (alert message) to the addMemberForm, will continue finishing this. No blockers.

Cyril worked on fixing edit button alignment and starting working on API for adding events and tying that into the form, will continue working on allowing users to add events. One blocker about the format of how events are stored

Luke is still working on completing the integration testing, will update documentation once the test is complete, has some blockers trying to make the group members list its own function for easier testing

Maya worked on updating frontend dimensions, will finish it over the weekend, has one blocker on fixing dimension on mobile devices
