Mentor: Avishek De

Meeting time: Lect12

Type of Meeting: Daily Scrum + Retro

Team: Everyone Present

Scribed Discussion

Dylan fixed a small bug in groupController and will look into updating user events on a click. No blockers.

Tianyu looked up documentation for calender events apperance and avoiding overlapping events, will continue working on it and finishing it by this week. No blockers

Maya started working on the about page, will finish it, no blockers.

Luke created a unit test for AuthButton.js, looked into how to send invitations through email, will continue trying to get invitations to work, has no blockers

Wesley worked on creating the delete group button, will finish the delete group button, and has no blockers

Cyril worked on frontend to allow users to add events and thought about start/stop/continue for our retro, will continue working on it and the backend as well. One blocker is a small implementation detail, whether we want it as a form or something else
